# Version 0.46.1034.9906 ALPHA

﻿Version 0.46.1034.9906 ALPHA

|  |  |  |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Version 0.46.1034.9906 ALPHA | RAGE Plugin Hook Documentation |  |

[This is preliminary documentation and is subject to change.]

Version v0.46.1034.9906 was released on UNKNOWN UTC.

Changes in This Release

* Added support for customizing vehicle emergency lighting patterns and install these + sirens into regular vehicles as well. See the EmergencyLighting class.
* Fixed a race condition causing an erroneous "insufficient permissions or bad anti-virus" error on some systems.
* Fixed a race condition causing access violations when calling natives from a fiber and a thread at the same time, or from multiple threads at the same time.
* The console can now be opened in the pause menu, and plugins will tick in the pause menu as well, if the PluginAttribute::ShouldTickInPauseMenu is set to true.
* Added several overloads of TaskInvoker::EnterVehicle() including new speed and flags parameters.
* Fixed that even though memory is allocated for 300 vehicles, only 64 vehicles combined, could be spawned by plugins due to a limit imposed by the game.
* Fixed a bug in GwenForm that caused a crash when closing a window if Show() had been called again on an already visible window.
* Fixed World::VehicleCapacity returning bogus value.
* Fixed World::ObjectCapacity returning the Ped capacity.
* Added Vehicle constructors without a model parameter to use a random model.
* Vehicle constructors now throw an exception if the vehicle could not be spawned.
* Added getter for Vehicle::RadioStation.
* Fixed Quaternion::FromAxes() producing incorrect results.
* Marked RadioStation::OFF as obsolete.
* Added RadioStation::Off.
* Fixed a crash in HitResult::HitEntity.
* Input handled by forms (eg. typing in a textbox, clicking on a button, etc.) is now consumed, and won't reach plugins.
* Increased the character limit of Game::DisplaySubtitle() to the same as Game::DisplayNotification(). Note that while the character limit is about 960 characters, subtitles above a certain length will not render.
* Added console commands 'Bind' and 'Unbind' to bind console commands to key presses.
* Console command 'Exit' will now unload all plugins before exiting the game.
* Mini crash reports are now put in a "MiniCrashReports" folder.
* Added PedInventory::RemoveParachute().
* Added PedInventory::RemoveFlashlight().
* Added Vector2::DistanceTo().
* Added WeaponDescriptorCollection::Remove() overload taking a WeaponHash.
* Marked bogus World::TraceLine() overload taking a radius as obsolete. Use TraceCapsule() instead.
* Added World::TraceCapsule().
* Marked World::TraceExtent() as obsolete. Use World::TraceCapsule() instead.
* Updated and added a lot of XML comments.
* Added an option to skip the generation of a crash report when the game crashes.
* Fixing existing instances not being detected correctly.
* Automatic updating is now only available when the installed game version is not supported, to save bandwidth.
* Added native name DISABLE\_AIM\_CAM\_THIS\_UPDATE.
* Added native name ENABLE\_DISPATCH\_SERVICE.
* Added native name CLONE\_PED\_TO\_TARGET.
* Added native name GET\_PED\_SOURCE\_OF\_DEATH.
* Added native name GET\_LAST\_DRIVEN\_VEHICLE.
* Added native name STAT\_GET\_NUMBER\_OF\_DAYS.
* Added native name STAT\_GET\_NUMBER\_OF\_HOURS.
* Added native name STAT\_GET\_NUMBER\_OF\_MINUTES.
* Added native name STAT\_GET\_NUMBER\_OF\_SECONDS.
* Added native name GET\_PED\_AMMO\_TYPE\_FROM\_WEAPON.
* Added native name START\_SHAPE\_TEST\_LOS\_PROBE.
* Added native name START\_SHAPE\_TEST\_BOUNDING\_BOX.
* Added native name START\_SHAPE\_TEST\_BOX.
* Added native name START\_SHAPE\_TEST\_BOUND.
* Added native name START\_SHAPE\_TEST\_CAPSULE.

See Also

#### Other Resources

[Version History](06f47481-0a54-4a4e-8b91-faa39c82d3a4.htm)

This version of the documentation applies to RAGE Plugin Hook v0.56.1131.11508 ALPHA

Copyright 2015-2017 © MulleDK19 / LMS ® All rights reserved.