# Version 0.21.678.4688 ALPHA

﻿Version 0.21.678.4688 ALPHA

|  |  |  |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Version 0.21.678.4688 ALPHA | RAGE Plugin Hook Documentation |  |

[This is preliminary documentation and is subject to change.]

Version v0.21.678.4688 was released on UNKNOWN UTC.

Changes in This Release

* Updates to RAGE Plugin Hook will no longer be required for small game patches like the update from 393.2 to 393.4.
* Removed support for game versions prior to 393.
* Now requires the Visual C++ 2015 Redistributable (Instead of VC++ 2012. Still needs VC++ 2010).
* Fixed crash for certain users.
* Changed default plugin timeout threshold to 10 seconds.
* Updated XML comments in Vehicle.
* Classes Entity, Vehicle, Ped, Group, Blip and Camera can now be converted to a boolean representing its validity. Eg. (bool)ped; or if (ped).
* Added Vehicle::CreateRandomDriver().
* Added Vehicle::IsTrailer
* Added Vehicle::IsEngineStarting.
* Added VehicleWheel::Temperature.
* Added World::WaterPuddlesIntensity.
* Added Game::HandleRespawn().
* Changed Graphics::DrawText()'s position parameter from Point to PointF.
* TaskInvoker::PlayAnimation() now returns an instance of AnimationTask instead of Task.
* Console command 'SpawnAndWarp' now starts the engine on the spawned vehicle.
* Added optional parameter 'flying' to console command 'SpawnAndWarp' to spawn vehicles in the air with a forward velocity.
* Added console command 'flip' to put a vehicle on its wheels.
* Added MathHelper::Clamp().
* Added TaskInvoker::FightAgainstHatedTargets().
* Fixed keyboard layout always being detected as US on Windows 10.
* Now dumps a stack trace of the game fiber that caused the game to freeze, when a plugin is terminated.
* Fixed the crash dialog being unable to retrieve the log.
* Crash report now contains a list of all loaded plugins, and which plugin was ticking at the time of the crash.
* Fixed InitializationFile::GetKeyNames returning the value as well.
* Fixed InitializationFile::DoesKeyExist always returning true.
* Fixed World::GetEntities() reading certain flags incorrectly, causing misbehaviour.
* Added CryptographyHelper::EncryptRijndael().
* Added CryptographyHelper::DecryptRijndael().
* Trusted authors can now add verified plugins on the website.
* Fixed some parameter types not being accepted when using NativeFunction.Natives.
* Fixed being unable to specify 'string' as return type for native calls (For CallBy\* methods, use the non-generic overloads for string return types).
* Hook now injects properly into a completely loaded game.
* Added ability to display custom loading screens (all .jpgs and .png from \LoadingScreens will be used).
* Added console variables DisableRenderVersionText and DisableCustomLoadingScreen.
* Added settings dialog on first start.

See Also

#### Other Resources

[Version History](06f47481-0a54-4a4e-8b91-faa39c82d3a4.htm)

This version of the documentation applies to RAGE Plugin Hook v0.56.1131.11508 ALPHA

Copyright 2015-2017 © MulleDK19 / LMS ® All rights reserved.