# Version 0.17.639.4039 ALPHA

﻿Version 0.17.639.4039 ALPHA

|  |  |  |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Version 0.17.639.4039 ALPHA | RAGE Plugin Hook Documentation |  |

[This is preliminary documentation and is subject to change.]

Version v0.17.639.4039 was released on Sunday, July 19, 2015 UTC.

Changes in This Release

* A message is now shown on the startup screens (after the Rockstar logos) to indicate that RAGE Plugin Hook has loaded.
* Fixed debugging symbols not being loaded for plugins.
* Added World::TraceLine() to perform ray traces into the game world.
* Added World::TraceExtent() to perform ray traces into the game world.
* Teleport console commands now unpause the game for a few ticks instead of closing the console.
* Console command 'TeleportToWaypoint' now works for any position.
* Rendering is now disabled when in the replay clip editor.
* Added Entity::MakePersistent().
* Vehicle::MakePersistent() will also make any attached trailer persistent.
* Fixed crash dialog being unable to read the log.
* Added World::TeleportLocalPlayer().
* Fixed an issue in InitializationFile when using relative paths.
* Implemented getter for Player::Model.
* Fixed Vehicle::CurrentGear returning bogus value.
* Added ControllerButtons.
* Deprecated ControllerButtonFlags.
* Added GameControl.
* Deprecated GameControls.
* Removed Game::SleepActiveGameFiber(). Use GameFiber::Sleep() instead.
* Fixed type of Ped::MovementAnimationSet being ValueType instead of AnimationSet.
* Fixed Ped::MovementAnimationSet not automatically loading the animation set.
* Fixed Vehicle::HasOccupants always returning true.
* Fixed Vehicle::IsEmpty always returning false.
* Added Vehicle::SteeringScale.
* Added Vehicle::SteeringAngle.
* Added Vehicle::AccelerationScale.
* Added Vehicle::FuelLevel.
* Added Vehicle::RepairComponents().
* Added Vehicle::AreAllComponentsBroken().
* Added Vehicle::AreAnyComponentsBroken().
* Added Vehicle::ShouldVehiclesYieldForThisVehicle.
* Added TaskInvoker::PerformDrivingManeuver().
* Added Vector3::Distance2D().
* Fixed MathHelper::GetRandomSingle() and MathHelper::GetRandomDouble() always using an incorrect range.
* Added console command 'GiveWeapon'.
* Added console command auto completer for weapon names.
* Disabled all rendering by the hook and plugins, when entering the replay clip editor.
* Fixed World::GetEntities() ignoring GetEntitiesFlags::ExcludePlayerPed, and by extension World::GetClosestEntity().
* Added native name TASK\_GET\_OFF\_BOAT.
* Added native name GET\_LAST\_PED\_IN\_VEHICLE\_SEAT.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone4089 to BoneId::LeftThumb1.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone4090 to BoneId::LeftThumb2.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone4137 to BoneId::LeftRingFinger1.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone4138 to BoneId::LeftRingFinger2.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone4153 to BoneId::LeftPinky1.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone4154 to BoneId::LeftPinky2.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone4169 to BoneId::LeftIndexFinger1.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone4170 to BoneId::LeftIndexFinger2.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone4185 to BoneId::LeftMiddleFinger1.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone4186 to BoneId::LeftMiddleFinger2.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone10706 to BoneId::RightClavicle.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone11816 to BoneId::Pelvis.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone14201 to BoneId::LeftFoot.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone23553 to BoneId::Spine.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone24806 to BoneId::RightPhFoot.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone24816 to BoneId::Spine1.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone24817 to BoneId::Spine2.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone24818 to BoneId::Spine3.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone26610 to BoneId::LeftThumb0.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone26611 to BoneId::LeftIndexFinger0.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone26612 to BoneId::LeftMiddleFinger0.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone26613 to BoneId::LeftRingFinger0.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone26614 to BoneId::LeftPinky0.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone28252 to BoneId::RightForearm.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone28422 to BoneId::RightPhHand.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone36864 to BoneId::RightCalf.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone39317 to BoneId::Neck.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone40269 to BoneId::RightUpperArm.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone45509 to BoneId::LeftUpperArm.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone51826 to BoneId::RightThigh.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone52301 to BoneId::RightFoot.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone57005 to BoneId::RightHand.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone57597 to BoneId::SpineRoot.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone57717 to BoneId::LeftPhFoot.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone58271 to BoneId::LeftThigh.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone58866 to BoneId::RightThumb0.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone58867 to BoneId::RightIndexFinger0.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone58868 to BoneId::RightMiddleFinger0.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone58869 to BoneId::RightRingFinger0.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone58870 to BoneId::RightPinky0.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone60309 to BoneId::LeftPhHand.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone61163 to BoneId::LeftForeArm.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone63931 to BoneId::LeftCalf.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone64016 to BoneId::RightThumb1.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone64017 to BoneId::RightThumb2.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone64064 to BoneId::RightRingFinger1.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone64065 to BoneId::RightRingFinger2.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone64080 to BoneId::RightPinky1.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone64081 to BoneId::RightPinky2.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone64096 to BoneId::RightIndexFinger1.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone64097 to BoneId::RightIndexFinger2.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone64112 to BoneId::RightMiddleFinger1.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone64113 to BoneId::RightMiddleFinger2.
* Renamed BoneId::Bone64729 to BoneId::LeftClavicle.
* Removed all unnamed BoneId members. If you need to use an unnamed bone id, cast the id to BoneId, eg. (BoneId)8487. This change won't clutter up IntelliSense, and will allow plugins relying on unnamed bones to keep working once we do rename them.
* Added LSPDFR v0.2 as a verified plugin.

See Also

#### Other Resources

[Version History](06f47481-0a54-4a4e-8b91-faa39c82d3a4.htm)

This version of the documentation applies to RAGE Plugin Hook v0.56.1131.11508 ALPHA

Copyright 2015-2017 © MulleDK19 / LMS ® All rights reserved.