# Version 0.3.517.2212 ALPHA

﻿Version 0.3.517.2212 ALPHA

|  |  |  |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Version 0.3.517.2212 ALPHA | RAGE Plugin Hook Documentation |  |

[This is preliminary documentation and is subject to change.]

Version v0.3.517.2212 was released on Wednesday, June 17, 2015 UTC.

Changes in This Release

* Fixed getter of Vehicle::IsHandbrakeForced not working in v372.
* Fixed getter of Vehicle::IsEngineOn not working in v372.
* Fixed getter of Vehicle::IsInteriorLightOn not working in v372.
* Fixed getter of Vehicle::MustBeHotwired not working in v372.
* Fixed getter of Vehicle::IsDeformationEnabled not working in v372.
* Renamed AnimationFlags::Unknown2 to AnimationFlags::StayInEndFrame.
* Renamed AnimationFlags::Unknown16 to AnimationFlags::UpperBodyOnly.
* Renamed AnimationFlags::Unknown32 to AnimationFlags::AllowPlayerRotation1.
* Renamed AnimationFlags::Unknown128 to AnimationFlags::AllowPlayerRotation2.
* Renamed AnimationFlags::Unknown512 to AnimationFlags::NoSound1.
* Renamed AnimationFlags::Unknown1024 to AnimationFlags::NoSound2.
* Renamed AnimationFlags::Unknown2048 to AnimationFlags::NoSound3.
* Renamed AnimationFlags::Unknown524288 to AnimationFlags::DisableRootMotion.
* Renamed AnimationFlags::Unknown4194304 to AnimationFlags::RagdollOnCollision.

See Also

#### Other Resources

[Version History](06f47481-0a54-4a4e-8b91-faa39c82d3a4.htm)

This version of the documentation applies to RAGE Plugin Hook v0.56.1131.11508 ALPHA

Copyright 2015-2017 © MulleDK19 / LMS ® All rights reserved.