# Version 0.31.837.6199 ALPHA

﻿Version 0.31.837.6199 ALPHA

|  |  |  |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Version 0.31.837.6199 ALPHA | RAGE Plugin Hook Documentation |  |

[This is preliminary documentation and is subject to change.]

Version v0.31.837.6199 was released on UNKNOWN UTC.

Changes in This Release

* Fixed an issue, that prevented 0.30 from running on retail copies.
* Re-implemented Game::DisplayHelp() without natives, increasing character limit from 99 to 599.
* Fixed Game::DisplayHelp() overload ignoring duration parameter.
* World::TraceLine() and World::TraceExtent() now take an array of entities to ignore instead of a single entity.
* Fixed Entity::Position placing entities on the ground instead of the actual position. Use new Entity::SetPositionWithSnap() for the old effect of Entity::Position.
* Fixed a bug in Entity::FrontPosition.
* Fixed a bug in Entity::RearPosition.
* Fixed a bug in Entity::LeftPosition.
* Fixed a bug in Entity::RightPosition.
* Fixed a bug in Entity::AbovePosition.
* Fixed a bug in Entity::BelowPosition.
* Added VehicleDoor::Vehicle.
* Added VehicleDoor::Index.
* Added native name SPECIAL\_ABILITY\_CHARGE\_NORMALIZED.
* Added native name SET\_VEHICLE\_WHEELS\_CAN\_BREAK\_OFF\_WHEN\_BLOW\_UP.
* Added native name SET\_VEHICLE\_CEILING\_HEIGHT.
* Added native name ENABLE\_CLOWN\_BLOOD\_VFX.
* Added native name ENABLE\_ALIEN\_BLOOD\_VFX.

See Also

#### Other Resources

[Version History](06f47481-0a54-4a4e-8b91-faa39c82d3a4.htm)

This version of the documentation applies to RAGE Plugin Hook v0.56.1131.11508 ALPHA

Copyright 2015-2017 © MulleDK19 / LMS ® All rights reserved.