# Version 0.30.834.6130 ALPHA

﻿Version 0.30.834.6130 ALPHA

|  |  |  |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Version 0.30.834.6130 ALPHA | RAGE Plugin Hook Documentation |  |

[This is preliminary documentation and is subject to change.]

Version v0.30.834.6130 was released on UNKNOWN UTC.

Changes in This Release

* Fixed velocity limit still being imposed on characters and objects.
* Plugin load messages are no longer displayed in developer mode.
* Detailed plugin crash messages will now be displayed in developer mode.
* Added Graphics::DrawTexture() overloads for position offsetting and rotation.
* Added support for TrackBar to GwenForm.
* Fixed a plugin being reloaded multiple times when multiple fibers threw an exception at the same time.
* Fixed severe flickering in the graphics rendering, even when using Game.RawFrameRender.
* Fixed Camera::GetOffsetPosition().
* Added Model::Models.
* Added Model::VehicleModels.
* Added Model::PedModels.
* Added Model::ObjectModels.
* Added Model::GetDimensions().
* Added TraceFlags::IntersectVehicles.
* Added TraceFlags::IntersectPedsSimpleCollision.
* Added TraceFlags::IntersectPeds.
* Added TraceFlags::IntersectObjects.
* Added TraceFlags::IntersectFoliage.
* Added HitResult::HitNormal.
* Added Entity::GetPositionOffset().
* Added getter for Game::TimeScale.
* Fixed InvalidHandleableException instances thrown by RPH, showing the entity type as this->GetType()->FullName, instead of the actual value of the property.
* Added Vehicle::GetDoors().
* Fixed Vehicle::CreateRandomDriver() not throwing an exception if the vehicle is invalid.
* Fixed Vehicle::RepairComponents() not throwing an exception if the vehicle is invalid.
* Fixed Vehicle::AreAllComponentsBroken() not throwing an exception if the vehicle is invalid.
* Fixed Vehicle::AreAnyComponentsBroken() not throwing an exception if the vehicle is invalid.
* Fixed Vehicle::AreAnyComponentsBroken() not throwing an exception if the vehicle is invalid.
* Added VehicleDoor::IsValid().

See Also

#### Other Resources

[Version History](06f47481-0a54-4a4e-8b91-faa39c82d3a4.htm)

This version of the documentation applies to RAGE Plugin Hook v0.56.1131.11508 ALPHA

Copyright 2015-2017 © MulleDK19 / LMS ® All rights reserved.