# Version 0.13.541.2492 ALPHA

﻿Version 0.13.541.2492 ALPHA

|  |  |  |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Version 0.13.541.2492 ALPHA | RAGE Plugin Hook Documentation |  |

[This is preliminary documentation and is subject to change.]

Version v0.13.541.2492 was released on Sunday, June 21, 2015 UTC.

Changes in This Release

* Fixed the SDK always showing version number 0.0.373.24.
* RAGEPluginHook.exe now shows the correct version number instead of 1.0.0.0.
* Added console variable 'PluginTimeoutThreshold', with a default value of 3000 (Minimum 200, maximum 60000). Increase this value if plugins crash because they freeze the game for too long. Please note, that changing this value is a workaround. If a plugin causes the game to freeze for more than a few seconds, it has a problem that should be investigated by its developers.
* Fixed keys being processed when the game was not in focus.
* Game::DisplayNotification() now returns a handle to the created notification.
* Game input is now blocked when the console is open, or when a form is open.
* Added support for mods providing their own D3D11.DLL (such as ENB series).
* Fixed startup.rphs script being executed long after the game has finished loading.
* Added console variable 'ConsoleKey' with F4 as default. Can be any key from https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.windows.forms.keys(v=vs.110).aspx
* Added XML comment to Game::DisplayNotification().
* Added Game::RemoveNotification().

See Also

#### Other Resources

[Version History](06f47481-0a54-4a4e-8b91-faa39c82d3a4.htm)

This version of the documentation applies to RAGE Plugin Hook v0.56.1131.11508 ALPHA

Copyright 2015-2017 © MulleDK19 / LMS ® All rights reserved.